README.md, before:

Coverage: 34%
# Project Title

One Paragraph of project description goes here

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system. Break down into which tests and what they do

### Unit Tests 

Explain what these tests test, why and how to run them

```
Give an example
```

### Integration Tests 
Explain what these tests test, why and how to run them

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.

## Authors

* **Chris Perrins** - *Initial work* - [christophperrins](https://github.com/christophperrins)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details 

*For help in [Choosing a license](https://choosealicense.com/)*

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

Update README.md , project description

README.md, after:

Coverage: 34%
# Inventory Management System
An inventory Management System program written in Java and also using 
an MySQL backend. This the Final project of the QA Academy cohort. 

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

. Java 14

. MySQL 8.0
 
Give examples
```

### Installing

First Downlaod the files and open up the project in eclipse or any other Java IDE.
Make Certain MySQL is downloaded and in db.properites make sure db.url, db.user and db.password is correct.

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system. Break down into which tests and what they do

### Unit Tests 

Explain what these tests test, why and how to run them

```
Give an example
```

### Integration Tests 
Explain what these tests test, why and how to run them

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.

## Authors

* **Chris Perrins** - *Initial work* - [christophperrins](https://github.com/christophperrins)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details 

*For help in [Choosing a license](https://choosealicense.com/)*

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
